How long are you gonna stay here, Dad?
I dunno. You'd be sad if I left, right, Sota?
Gotta pee!
Mmkay, don't fall in!
I'm wondering the same thing, sweetheart.
How long are you staying?
Why're you asking?
Yuriko... do I not have a home here?
I'm just wondering if your job is
okay with you being here so long.
I'm back. Kyosuke, Miyamura's here.
Whoa, really?!
Thank you for having me.
Who the hell are you?
It's your best buddy, Miyamura.
Um, uh...
Th-Thank you for having me...
Hot damn, it is you!
Yes, it's me.
C'mon, it's hot enough without
you smothering him. Get off.
Damn, you sure are sweating hard.
Makes sense with the summer heat.
Yes, right...
It's actually a cold sweat.
I got an idea, Miyamura-kun!
Yes, sir?
You should take a bath with me!
Wait, what?!
I've already filled the bath.
Feel free to jump in.
It'll be a while before dinner is ready.
Oh, no thank you.
You don't wanna bathe with me?
Huh? No, that's not it.
Really? Sweet, let's hop in!
--Aww, don't be shy, it'll be fun!
--Aww, c'mon. Don't be shy.
--U-Umm, sir, could I...?
--Aww, don't be shy, it'll be fun!
K-Kyosuke-san! Please don't freak out!
These aren't yakuza tattoos, I swear!
Oh, right.
I know this is gonna be a dumb question,
but these are disposable chopsticks, right?
You ate dinner with them and you just noticed?
But Miyamura-kun's got part of a matching set.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, it's getting late! I'm sorry
for overstaying my welcome.
Might as well just stay the night.
Huh?! Thanks for the offer, but I shouldn't...
If Izumi-kun sleeps over, we won't
have a futon for you, sweetheart!
Why's it his?! And why
does he get priority over me?!
Are you gonna sleep over?!
I wouldn't want to impose...
Ooh, ooh! You can sleep in my room!
No! Miyamura-kun's gonna sleep with Daddy!
Awww!
Mmkay, goodnight.
Sorry you've gotta share
a room with this old fart.
It's all right.
Bet you wish you were in Kyoko's room.
Oh, no, no, no!
So, Miyamura-kun.
What do you like about my daughter?
I like...
...how she doesn't judge people by appearances.
K-Kyosuke-san?
He passed out!
"Horimiya"
"This Summer's Going to Be a Hot One"
Feels like I barely got any sleep.
Morning.
Hey, g'morning.
She's wearing her middle-school gym clothes.
See you later!
Have a good day at school!
Want me to walk you there?
Follow me and you're dead.
See you later!
Thank you again.
Izumi-kun.
When you leave home in the morning,
you should say "see you later."
S-See you later!
I hope we do.
Hold up... Did they just
come out of the same house?
Holy shit, Hori from Class 1?!
I thought she was single!
Hori? You have elective with her, right?
She's super smart, and pretty cute, too.
Yeah?
Why the hell is she dating Miyamura?
It's crazy! Hell, I'd be
a way better match for her!
I hear Hori-san's dating Miyamura-kun!
For real?!
That emo-looking guy?! Oh my God,
what's wrong with her?!
Talk about terrible taste!
They're all talking shit about
them behind their backs!
And they're probably hearing it, too.
Well, yeah! They were yapping
about it in the same damn room!
Even people from other classes
are joining in on it, too. Assholes!
I know. Just when Miyamura
had finally gotten there...
What?! Why are you crying, Yoshikawa?!
There, there, it's okay.
Hey, Hori. Are you really dating Miyamura?
Yeah, why?
No way! Bet all the guys you rejected
are crying about that right now!
I didn't turn down that many, you know.
C'mon, don't get all humble on us, Hori-san.
Don't pay attention to them,
Miyamura. They're all idiots.
I told Hori this, too, but keep your chin up!
It's fine, Miyamura. I don't really care.
Aww, where's your hubby?
I dunno.
Oh, shit, is he skipping school?
Ow!
He'll be here after lunch.
What the hell, Ishikawa?
Morning.
What?!
Miyamura-kun! Why'd you cut your hair?
Oh, I mean, it's summer.
He cut it 'cause it's summer!
Cool!
Hey, why are you still
wearing your winter uniform?
I-I get cold.
Wow, your piercings are so cool!
When did you get them?
Middle school.
Your family runs a bakery, right?
Holy crap... Talk about a cold glare!
I'm kind of cold...
Wow, me, too...
This probably won't last long.
Huh? What won't? What're you talking about?
Why is it so cold in here?!
'Sup, Miyamura? How's it hangin'?
Shu, you win the award for Best Reaction.
Oh, it's just you, Miyamura! You cut your hair.
Changing things up for summer?
Yeah, thanks.
Summer is a good time for that kind of stuff.
--Huh?
--That chick just took a picture.
I'll text it to you!
Ugh, that's so gross.
Hey, Hori--
C'mon, don't try to outdo them!
Dad! Dad, check out his hair!
Thanks for havi--
Who the hell are you?
You can't recognize your
best buddy after a haircut?
Whoa, Miyamura-kun?! What a transformation!
Did you get dumped or something?! Chin up, man!
If I'd dumped him, I wouldn't bring him over!
"Shindo"
Who's that?
Another girl?
No, a friend of mine...
What do you want?
Candy?
"Citrus"
Whoa, there...
Sorry we're late.
What're you doing?
What's wrong with you?!
Miyamura! You've, you've...
"My Miyamura"
My sweet, precious Miyamura!
He's gone, gone forever!
I don't belong to you.
C'mon, Shindo-kun, his hair'll grow back.
"Durian"
Damn, this is a huge bag. Is it all just candy?
Yeah. I won an online contest.
I gave a bunch out to
people in my class already.
Hori-san, what flavor do you like?
I'll take whatever.
I've got pomegranate and fig.
Do you have any strawberry?
No, Chika took all the normal flavors with her.
So now you've just got the weird ones.
Which flavor is that one, Hori-san?
Let's see...
Cheese?
Cheese? You don't like cheese, right, Shindo?
Hell no. I'd rather throw my wallet
in a ditch than choke down cheese.
Right.
Say, "ahh."
Miyamura's feeding me candy!
This may never happen again!
But it's cheese flavor... Cheese flavor!
Are these guys really friends?
Is it good?
You know it's not, asshole!
You big meanie!
Which flavor's that one?
Huh? Uh, clay?
Clay?!
It's really bitter.
Huh?
Miyamura, could you get me some water?
You're such a pain.
Hey! You're the one who made me eat it!
What's up, Hori-san?
He stole my candy.
Aww, what flavor was it? I have a bunch more.
I-I'm good, thanks!
Okay, then you should give this flavor a try!
She's right. It tastes like clay.
The girls've stopped
coming around to bother you.
Guess the novelty wore off.
Honestly, it's a big relief...
What the...? Do you know her?
No, I don't think I do.
Why was she glaring at me?
Why was she glaring at you?
No idea.
We were watching TV when it came on
out of nowhere! We were so freaked...
What's up, Hori?
Oh, nothing, just...
Hori-senpai!
Who're you?!
Are you Miyamura-senpai's girlfriend?
Well, yeah.
And?
Sorry to bother you!
Okay, she's really freaking me out here!
Hey.
So, uh...
When are you breaking up with her?!
Huh?
When are you breaking up with Hori-senpai?!
Wait, what?
Is he two-timing her?
Wait, no!
When are you breaking up with her?!
Never!
I'm Honoka Sawada from
Class 2-5, and I'll be back!
You really don't have to come back.
I will!
What the hell...?
So she's a second-year, huh.
She comes to stalk me on every break.
What's her name again?
Honoka Sawada!
See?!
Okay, what do you want?
Why do you keep following him around?
I-I just...
You just what?!
Hori-san!
I can't help it! I like you so much!
I had no idea you were taken!
He's so lanky and has so many
piercings! Why do you like him?!
I had a crush on you first, Hori-senpai!
What a twist!
Ishikawa-kun!
Sorry, I was listening in
'cause it looked hilarious.
Hey, quit it! Can you do something about her?!
Hey, uh, Sawada-san? Could you let go of--
Shut it, you no-good punk.
Huh? What'd you say I am?
A punk.
"Yoshikawa, come to the entrance.
You gotta see this."
Let go of her!
"Yoshikawa, come to the entrance.
You gotta see this."
No!
"SENT"
Sawada-san, if you were a guy,
I would've headbutted you by now!
I like her more than you! I love her!
Why do you even like this guy, Hori-senpai?!
Um... Let me think for a second.
You have to think about it?!
She's mine!
Took you long enough, Yoshikawa.
The show's practically over.
I dunno, this is still pretty damn funny.
Hori-senpai! I made these in home ec!
Get your paws off her, Sawada.
There they go again...
Shut up, Miyamura! Shut your piehole!
I'm not shutting anything!
Hori-senpai told me I could still talk to her!
Right, Hori-senpai?
Y-Yeah, I said that...
That's the bell! Let's get back to class!
Hey!
Hori-san!
Please listen to your boyfriend.
Let's go back to class.
O-Okay.
Senpai!
Miyamura!
Sawada, you freaking--
You have to stop popping in out of nowhere!
Where's Hori-senpai?
She went home early to get some stuff done.
Guess I'll go home, too.
Why're you going this way?!
Are you kidding me?!
O-Oh, come on!
What kind of whacky coincidence is this?
Oh, jeez, I left the key inside...
Thanks for the cake!
Wow, it's so good!
Do you just let anyone and everyone
into your place, Miyamura?
No, not just anyone. Hori-san
doesn't even come over that often.
Wow.
Maybe things aren't going as well as I thought!
No, I just always go over to her place.
Oh.
So, Miyamura, do you have any siblings?
Nope, it's just me, my mom, and my dad.
I totally assumed you had
a little brother or sister.
Why?
'Cause you're good at taking care of people.
What?
Why're you laughing?!
Oh, man.
Honoka.
You know, I...
I had an older brother.
Huh?
He was a year older than me.
Just kidding! I made it all up!
What?!
C'mon, I'm just joking around!
Oh, they're home!
Thanks again for the cake. See you later!
Hey, Sawada?
You can come over for cake whenever you want.
Thanks.
Yes, that did happen to the Sawadas next door.
It's so sad that they had
to lose their eldest like that.
You probably didn't see him much,
since he went to a different school.
When'd he die?
Last year in... I don't remember when.
Such a nice boy.
Huh.
Her older brother...
Who're you waiting for, Sawada-san?
A friend.
Yeah, right! You're trying to
ambush Hori-san! Go home!
Who do you think you are?!
You're not the boss of me!
Hey.
You free right now?
You're so short. First-year?
Wow, she got quiet.
You scared of us?
We're not scary.
C'mon, say something.
At least tell us what your first name is!
C'mon, what's your name?
Hey, uh... wanna head home?
Yeah.
Good idea.
I was just trying to think of what to say...
Do guys make you uncomfortable, Sawada?
Kinda.
You know, I'm also a guy...
Man, Hori-senpai sure is late!
I knew it!
Sorry that took so long!
I've taken a bath at Hori-san's house!
What?! Then I'm gonna do that, too!
You're not allowed!
Says you!
--S-Someone, help...
--Can we finish watching this later?
No, I gotta return it tomorrow.
Horror movies really freak me out.
I can't believe my own daughter
would bully me like this...
It's okay, they scare me, too.
This whole series is about a girl
planning to murder her father!
You're reading too much into this.
Do you really like this movie that much, Hori?
Man, I so relate to this main character.
Their relationship's a lost cause.
All this time, I sucked it up and took it.
But not anymore!
I'm gonna go buy smokes!
Don't come looking for me!
Hey, Miyamura.
You never make any moves on me, huh.
Huh? What?
Do you want me to?
She's the one who said it,
but now she's all embarrassed.
What's so funny?!
Nothing, just thought
you were being really cute.
What?!
Hori-san, what kind of moves
do you want me to make?
W-Well, I...
Miya--
Kyoko-chan! You got any change?
Man, how embarrassing!
I totally forgot my wallet!
What's up, Kyoko?
Ow, ow! Owie!
What, did I interrupt something
goin' on in here? Am I a third wheel?
Yes.
Let's reenact that scene from the movie.
Miyamura-kun, help me!
We're gonna marathon all
three movies! No bathroom breaks!
"You're Here, I'm Here"